Publish two-factor authentication how-to guide (#108)
emnify/product-docs: docs/how-tos/two-factor-authentication.md

# Enabling two-factor authentication on your emnify account

Setting up two-factor authentication (2FA) makes unauthorized access to your account more improbable because your password is secured via your personal device, which generates a temporary authentication key.

> You can enable 2FA via the emnify Portal.

Reviewer: Typically we provide a link to the Portal.

Author: It's linked directly in the next line, so didn't feel necessary to link it here as well. But I can!

## Configuration steps

1. Log in to your [emnify account](https://portal.emnify.com/sign).
2. Navigate to your [**User Settings**](https://portal.emnify.com/user-settings) page by clicking on your avatar and selecting **User Settings** from the dropdown menu.

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-dashboard-avatar-user-settings.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-user-settings.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

3. Scroll down to the **Two-Factor Authentication** section and click **Enable**.

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-user-settings-2fa-enable-button.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

> 

Author: Oh interesting! I didn't even notice. Changing the graphic would be out-of-scope for this task, but you can ask about it in the #squad-growth Slack channel 😇

4. Enter your password to verify your identity then click **Submit**.

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-user-settings-2fa-password.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

5. Activate your personal device's temporary authentication key by scanning the QR code with a 2FA app.
Alternatively, you can copy the secret key to add it manually.
After you've scanned the QR code or entered the key, a 6-digit token will appear in the app. 

> Enter this token into the text field.

Author: Oh I always use "into" for text inputs 😅 I'll cut it down though for the docs!

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-user-settings-2fa-activate-key.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

<details className="custom-details-tip">
  <summary>Need a 2FA app to scan the QR code?</summary>
    <p>Download the Google Authenticator app from the <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2&pli=1" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Google Play Store</a> or <a href="https://apps.apple.com/app/google-authenticator/id388497605" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">App Store</a>.</p>
</details>

> Assuming there are no errors, 2FA should be enabled for your account 🎉

Author: My take is that I like emojis, as long as they don't replace or represent important meeting (unless they are properly programming with alt text, etc). They should be able to disappear and the text not be affected.

As for the punctuation, no clue if there's a rule for this. I've usually seen it without punctuation, but thinking about it - it makes sense to add it in case the emoji doesn't render.

<img
  src={require('./assets/portal-user-settings-2fa-enabled.png').default}
  alt=""
/>

Now, if you log in to the Portal on a device you haven't set as trusted before or use a different browser, you'll be asked to enter a one-time password to verify your identity.

## Managing trusted devices

> Pulling out your personal device and entering a one-time password every time you need to log in to your account can be a pain, especially if you usually sign in from the same device.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. It is, after all, technical documentation, not a blog post. So the tone should be less colloquial.

```suggestion
Reaching for your personal device and entering a one-time password every time you need to log in to your account can be cumbersome, especially if you usually sign in from the same device.
```

Author: Happy to make it less colloquial, but I don't think the word "cubersome" is a good fit, as it's a word that not everyone may know. I'll apply the first half of your suggestion though 😊
